by Audi their internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
Coppa doing this cuz like 50 people send
me messages about it asking about it
there's a lot of videos out there on
YouTube right now some of them are from
creators that are definitely going to be
impacted by it and they are
understandably emotional some are from
creators that read the list and didn't
really understand what it says and they
think they're going to be impacted by it
and then there's some from people who
fully understand the situation but are
being overdramatic for the sake of
clicks I am NOT going to be severely
impacted by this I got to change the
title of a couple of videos to be like
way over compliant so to answer the big
question is this the end of YouTube no
of course not but it might be the end of
wholesome kids content it really might
that that is if you make kids content on
YouTube this is gonna hurt you a lot a
lot if you make content that uses a
framing device that looks like it might
appeal to kids it's gonna hurt you a lot
you won't hear more about that I talked
to American Johnson from non-compete
that channel last night on the podcast
but okay so what is compa it's a 1998
law of design that protect child privacy
that's what it is
the times have changed times have
changed when this was written YouTube
didn't exist every kid in the world
didn't have a smartphone or a tablet
times have changed as an obsolete law it
needs to go so what does it mean
practically on our end when we upload a
video now we have to mark whether or not
it's for kids and the fine for
non-compliance with this especially my
guess would be if you mark it as not for
kids and it is for kids so you would be
collecting data is pretty steep unless
it's like 40 grand per video it's a big
deal however there's no reason to do
that
so a kid is defined by under 13 that's
what it means in this legislation now
they determine whether or not it's kids
content by a list of factors and this is
the part that people are
misunderstanding just because you have
one of these doesn't mean you have kids
content that isn't what it means in fact
on the little guidance thing that
YouTube put out if you click the little
thing below it it actually tells you
that but people saw that that list
freaked out heard $40,000 fine and
didn't investigate any further
what's the list subject matter obviously
if you are talking about kids subjects
its kids content your intended or actual
audience if you make videos that are for
adults but they're let's say their songs
set to nursery rhymes but they're about
adult topics but most of your viewers
end up being kids it's kids content
self-explanatory child actors in it
but that doesn't necessarily mean just
because you have a kid in the video it's
kids content imagine a video about child
child abuse that's obviously not kids
content but it may have a child actor
character celebrities toys that appeal
to kids including animated characters
that's a big one that people are
concerned about and they should be
because that one I can see I can see
that causing issues as far as how the
FTC interprets it language of the video
if you talk the way we do on this
channel you don't have to worry about it
however if you use small kid words for
everything it's gonna be kids content
activities in the videos such as
play-acting simple songs
that's one song stories poems for kids
again should be obvious empirical
evidence of the audience
meaning if all of your your audience
your actual audience is kids
it's
it's content now understand nothing I'm
saying in this video is legal advice
it's not my take on this because YouTube
is saying you can't use the analytics to
make this determination that seems to me
like that's them covering their
themselves now when we look at our
analytics we get a breakdown by age we
don't get 13 and under because of
childhood privacy but it's safe to say
that if almost all of your viewers are
13 to 17 which is a bracket we get then
it's probably kids content because you
probably have a whole bunch that you're
not getting information on that are
below that if your actual audience is 35
to 50 probably doesn't apply to you but
one of these things means nothing it's a
balance of them and it's very subjective
and people are gonna argue that it's
void for vagueness and it probably is
but somebody's gonna have to take that
to court and with 40,000 dollars on the
line I don't know that there's gonna be
a lot of people willing to do that so if
you mark it as not for kids and it is
for kids you're subject to the fine if
you mark it as for kids your contents
dead it's dead
there's no comment section like they did
they won't get a notification the
monetization is severely limited
estimates put it up to 90% reduction now
for creators like me I've got a low
overhead okay it doesn't take much to do
what I do
monetarily however if you're making kids
content and you're producing cartoons
that costs money
if the monetization ends the content
ends and that that's a real worry this
thing that is supposed to protect kids
is going to get rid of wholesome kids
content on YouTube it just doesn't make
any sense at all what is this this mean
for you guys if you have kids and they
watched kids content or you watch kids
content you're gonna see a massive
decline in the amount of cotton
that's put out because creators are
going to stop creating that that's
really what's gonna happen there will be
thousands of kid content creators that
go out of business there's a lot of
people without jobs to accomplish
nothing now if you want to help them you
know you like blippi or Ryan or whoever
you can sign up for their patreon buy
their merchandise and that'll help float
them for a little bit but it's not gonna
solve the problem solve the problem you
got to contact the FTC leave them a
comment get the rules changed that's
option one that's the one everybody
seems to be pushing to me that's the
least effective contact your
representatives in your Senators explain
to them this law was made in 1998 it's
obsolete imagine running your computer
with software from 1998 it's not gonna
make any sense trying to do anything we
do today you guys know I use YouTube
with my kids if they're interested in a
topic they get their tablet they pull it
up in today's world I actually want
YouTube's creepy algorithm sending them
to similar videos it makes my life
easier to keep them on task yeah they
get targeted ads the FTC seems to be
under the impression that well they
won't get ads directly targeted to
children if they're if they do this that
doesn't even make sense to me what do
you want them to see beer ads that but
beside that it's not gonna stop them
from getting more kid ads because the
advertisers are going to understand that
the untargeted ads now are all gonna go
to kids it doesn't change anything it
just maybe makes it a little less
specific but that's it so to me the goal
here should be to get rid of Coppa
altogether 1998 law needs to go it needs
to go it doesn't make any sense anymore
yeah it had a good purpose to protect
the privacy of children but in today's
world you know if you're that concerned
about it we got cookie blockers use them
use them parents can't rely on Big Daddy
government to protect them what they're
doing is they're gonna limit their
child's entertainment and educational
opportunities what they conceived for
viewing it just doesn't make any sense
and I would tweet can't believe me to
say this I would tweet the president I
would tweet the president the president
has a lot of sway over the FTC and I
don't know the president Trump right now
wants a whole thousands of people
without jobs those would be the things
that I would do if I was if I was in
this boat that's what I would be
directing people to do I will do a video
specifically for kids content creators
and lay out a strategy later tonight
hopefully but if you want to get a head
start on it I'll put some links below at
the end of the day the law needs to be
changed
revised updated something because this
this is hurting kids it's not helping
them it's hurting people who are
actually trying to put out good content
for kids and this is coming from
somebody that this does an impact I have
no personal stake in this whatsoever
it's not going to affect me my content
is clearly for thoughts
anyway we don't need to succumb to
learned helplessness we don't just have
to roll over and take this there are
options available get the rules changed
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day